AGREEMENT:

The agreement between the photographer (hereafter 'Photographer') and the undersigned client (hereafter 'Client') governs the purchase order described in the accompanying price estimate, and with these terms and conditions constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerned.

ESTIMATES:

The prices quoted by Photographer are for the work as agreed by Client.  Any subsequent changes may result in further charges.  The accompanying estimate is a forecast of expense incurred during the assignment, by Photographer.  The Client understands and agrees that the final invoice may differ based on actual expenditure, which may be greater than forecast.

PAYMENT:

Payment is due within 30 days of receipt of invoice date.  Late payments will be charged a $50/month handling fee, and 1.5%%/month interest.  Please make checks payable to %@.

COPYRIGHT:

Licensing of works produced is only in effect upon receipt of full payment by Client.  All rights not expressly granted shall be retained by Photographer.

ADDITIONAL USAGE:

Should Client wish to license works beyond the original estimate, Client shall seek permission from Photographer, and pay agreed upon price in advance.

CANCELLATIONS & POSTPONEMENTS:

In the event of cancellation or postponement of a shoot by Client or subject, Client shall pay all expenses incurred by Photographer up to time of cancellation, and further agreed upon fee.  Client shall pay 100%% of fees incurred by third party contractors.

CLIENT REPRESENTATION:

Client is responsible for assigning an individual to be present to sign off work in progress, alternatively if no such representative is present, Photographer's interpretation of the assignment shall be considered acceptable.

AUTHORSHIP CREDIT:

Photographer shall be credited with photographs whenever practical.

INDEMNIFICATION:

Client hereby indemnifies Photographer from any and all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable legal costs, arising from Client's use of Photographer's work.

DELIVERY TIME:

For digitally delivered works, 48 hours is required for proofs, and 5 days for final files.  There is a to be agreed additional charge for rush service.

RETOUCHING:

Unless specifically added as a line item, works include only minor retouching.  Complex retouching is to be discussed and agreed upon in advance.

TEAR SHEETS:

Client will provide Photographer with two entire copies of any publication Photographer's works appear in, upon publication.

EXPIRATION:

This estimate is valid for 30 days from date of issue, unless signed by both parties.
